Well, good evening family.
Praise the Lord.
Thank you for joining me again tonight.
We're going to pray and go over some things that we've seen in the news today to go along with what we're going to pray about.
Braden has some articles and stuff he found.
He likes to look at all the news and see what's going on in the day, what I'm seeing prophetically, and what goes with the news.
He says, 'Dad, look at this.
Yeah, look at this.
' First off, I want to start with this.
Did you all know that we had a 5.
4 earthquake hit right outside of where I told you the earthquake would be by Portland, Oregon, and the ocean there?
Can you show them a picture?
We had that yesterday.
The activity is ticking up again.
I just think it's interesting because every single time it's right there.
It's right where I saw it.
That's where the tsunami wave comes in and goes clear inland, washing and destroying so much stuff.
It's right there.
I just thought, isn't that amazing?
Again, we have it, and it's in the water.
Then I want to show you this.
I thought this was pretty cool.
Diana found me this book.
She paid $3 for it.
I'm not trying to promote books, y'all; I just tell you things that I feel will help you, things that we're reading as a family.
They are short little pocket reads because I like things that we can look over real quick.
We're going over the authority of the believer during this Halloween time and all that's going on in this earth.
Sister Billye Brim has a book, a little pocket read, $3 on her website.
It's 'The Authority of the Believer and How to Use It.
' I'd buy a whole bunch of them if we could to give to family or friends because you need to know how to use your authority.
Sister Billye Brim sits in her seat of authority every single day, as do I, my wife, my son, and my daughters.
We believe in the power and the authority of the believer.
We'll read it together and go over some of this.
We have a lot going on today, so I'm getting around late, but Diana is busy doing things for us.
She's a hard worker.
I told her, 'I want you to come on and go over some of this stuff about the authority of the believer, taking scriptures that apply to our protection and using them as a weapon against the devil.
' It's the Word.
You must know the Word in these last days, not just what somebody says.
As much as I love her, it's the Word.
It is a pillar and stands alone.
Regardless of someone's opinion, you pray the opinion lines up with the Word, and this does.
Finding scriptures that pertain to what you're believing for guides you.
I wanted her to read some of it, but she's busy.
I can do it, but I don't want to make her join.
Real quick, I wanted to get this before everybody goes to bed.
We have to pray over our government and what the Lord is showing me in the spirit.
I want to show you one clip that a senator said today that is very alarming.
This is what I'm telling you all we're dealing with when we're praying.
Go ahead and play that short clip about this senator and what he said.
Now I want to show you what JD Vance says.
Vice President JD Vance said they're hoping for five people.
When we were in the spirit Tuesday night, the Lord showed us it was by a thread.
He said you're praying into it on Friday, and there were seven people whose hearts could change.
He gave us the number.
He says, 'We need five for the seven.
' He said, 'If you give me this prayer time, if you just push through right now for the seven people that have this soft heart towards the Republicans trying to help people, if you push into that right now in the late midnight hour on October 31st, we could get this flipped.
' Now, I told you I saw a major uprising, people rioting and pillaging.
I've seen it all today as I've been driving around praying in the spirit over our nation.
The Lord said I saw a 24-hour window.
I saw in this window that this darkness would cause so much chaos and havoc in this nation that it would bring people to the table because they don't realize they're playing with fire.
As I was praying into this, I saw 15 and I was looking at the zeros.
I'm sorry, I'm terrible at math, but there's a $15 million slush fund in what I was praying over concerning our government with money going to Ukraine and pet projects.
I saw it was the same kind of thing that was going on with Fauci and labs.
I didn't realize that major chemical warfare labs are in Ukraine.
That's where a lot of biological labs are.
The Lord showed me evil governmental interests that they are trying to fund, pushing for certain things and slush funds.
The Lord said, 'Do you see the evil behind this?
This is what you're combating.
' As you see these people, if they vote a certain way, they're getting pressure from these elites saying, 'We're not going to fund your campaign anymore.
In 2026, if you don't do what we tell you, we're going to make sure you don't get reelected.
' So, out of panic, like Schumer and all these other people, they start to freak out.
He only had $174,000 donated to his campaign over the last month.
AOC had over $4 million.
AOC, the one who's nuts—$4 million was donated to her campaign and $170,000 to Schumer.
So, he has to be the bulldog because he knows he's about to lose his job.
It's all political games and theater.
Then I thought another thing was interesting because Braden found that Alex Jones talked about the hit list.
He even knew the order of the list and who was on it, saying some of the names were worth a million dollars a piece.
He even said his own name was worth a million dollars.
And then that one guy, Flynn, General Flynn, was worth a million bucks on that list.
I didn't even see General Flynn's name on it.
But he brought the list up on his show and Braden saw it and said, "Daddy, look, you're the list you're talking about, you're seeing in the spirit.
" Alex Jones knows about the list.
And I even told you all as I was praying to it yesterday, I sit at the floor.
I sit there and I talk to the Lord about when he said, "I will spare Alex Jones.
" And as his life is spared by an event, I want you to listen to this.
He said, "An event will take place similar to Charlie Kirk's.
" And he said when this event happens, he would spare his life.
Now why?
I don't know.
I don't question the father.
I just hear what he says.
But he said when this event takes place, he, Alex Jones, will become a type of a John the Baptist in this last generation.
That he would be so radically changed by the hand of the Lord on his life.
Even more so that this whatever this is, whatever we're praying against, praying for his safety, praying for these things that I saw a great shaking to awaken coming to the church, but concerning individuals, God said, I'm going to get their attention.
I'm going to get their attention.
Now, I don't know what that means.
Whether it's a on the road to Damascus kind of an experience, you're riding your horse down the road or your car down the road and a light shines and they see and they go blind or whatever, I don't know.
And the prophet prays for them and the power of God heals them.
I don't know.
But the Lord said, "I'm going to get their attention.
" And when this happens, they'll become a louder voice than most.
Do you understand?
A shaking to awaken.
Now, am I prophesying doom and gloom on this man?
I don't know him.
I've been on his program twice.
But I want to say this.
The Lord said I'm going to use certain individuals who have a platform for me for my glory in the last days.
So whatever that means, I don't know.
I'm not trying to say there's a hit on his life.
I don't know.
I see in part.
I hear in part.
I want you to hear me.
I see in part.
I hear in part.
But the Lord says, "I'm going to use Alex Jones greatly in the days ahead.
" That's what he said to me.
Where's he at right now with the Lord?
I have no idea.
But the Lord said he would become like a John the Baptist in the days ahead with a loud voice.
Is he corrupt now?
I don't know.
Is he a foul man?
But I know that God can do anything.
God can take the hardest of hearts.
God can take the people that you wouldn't even want to sit down socially and have a tea with and go, "You're going to use them?
" Yeah.
Okay.
Well, who am I to say?
All I do is say, "God, you are awesome and you can use anybody.
" But if he sees something in Alex, then that means we're to pray for him.
Tucker Carlson.
He's only brought him up once, but he specifically says he will become you.
You know, somebody who has a backbone like a crowbar that is not afraid to say anything really socially.
Somebody that has really no filter publicly behind a camera.
There's no fear.
And I look at that man as almost like a loose wire, like a loose cannon.
You look at him and go, "What?
You don't know what he's going to say.
" He's just bold as all get out when it comes to politics and things.
And I really believe that's what it's going to take is people that are radical in these last days saying radical things for Jesus Christ.
And if God can do that with maybe a Mel Gibson and he says, "I'm going to use Mel Gibson.
I'm going to use these people.
I'll use a Donald Trump.
I'll use a man that's a businessman and make him into a politician and then make him into a radical Christian that is going to be something huge in these last days.
" And as he drops the f-bomb all the time on TV and you go, "I know what you said and what I've heard you say and what I've seen in visions doesn't line up so far yet but there's a road to Damascus experience.
" There's a road.
There is a supernatural experience that all it takes is just a one moment with Jesus that will change you forever.
No matter how dirty, how hard, how corrupt, how vile somebody may be.
All it takes is one moment with Jesus and it'll change your life forever.
So, who am I to ever say, "God, you said this.
Well, how are you going to do that?
" Who am I to ever say that?
Because if he can use me, he can use them.
I'm telling you, even with what I've dealt with, but he still uses me.
He says, Brandon, come on, do a prayer video.
Not that I'm vile, but I'm just trying to say I'm never going to put my life up to somebody else and say, "Well, I'm better.
" That's stupid.
You know what I'm saying?
There's so many people that try to do that kind of stuff.
But as I was driving around today, this is where I'm going to now.
That was yesterday.
This is what I've been praying over.
Praying over our government, praying over people that they'll use wisdom and not riot and steal and act crazy.
I know what I've seen coming.
I know I've seen a shaking coming.
Can we stop it?
The Lord's talking about a 24-hour window.
I believe we will see them not pass this.
I believe in the natural we won't see anything until Monday or whatever that there will be a window of craziness.
That's just me.
Now, the Lord said to me today as I was driving, he—the way our conversation went today—it's those precious talks and those precious moments that forever change you when you see that side of the Father in the spirit when you're praying.
It's those precious moments when you see the such realness, you know, he lets that guard down as a father and just talks to you as a friend.
And you're asking, "How are you today?
" Well, he's God.
Of course, he's good.
You know what I'm saying?
He's God.
But you ask the questions that are personable.
And like I said, when you get real with God, God becomes real to you, but it's bigger because of how he responded back.
And he said, "Brandon, you know the my word says the eyes of the Lord are running to and fro throughout the whole earth looking for a heart who's perfect towards him.
Looking for somebody so I can show myself strong in their behalf, right?
" And he said, "The depth of that verse is I'm looking for a friend.
And he says, I look upon the whole earth so that I could show myself strong in the behalf of those that have hearts that are perfect towards me.
I'm looking for somebody, Brandon.
But if you just dissect that, what I'm really looking for, I'm looking for a friend.
And he said, "Abraham was a friend, Brandon.
He was a friend to me.
I could go and talk to him and we would talk about things and he was just a friend.
And I'm looking right now.
I'm looking throughout the whole world looking for just a friend.
Are you a friend of God?
" He said, "But there's so many of my children that they come to me all the time with all their projects, all their thoughts of what they want and it's not that we don't want to come to him, but how you do it and how you pursue him is not by material gain or by your request.
Make your request known to God.
But how you're a friend to him, how you seek him, how you find him, it was like a friend.
" It was like the way he was describing it to me.
He said, "Brandon, my heart knows what you need before you even ask for it.
I know everything that you ever need, son, but it's the heart that I'm looking at in you.
I'm looking at in my children.
" He said, "I've already warned you that I'm not going to yell about the secret things concerning investments and concerning what's coming.
" He said, Abraham, I came and told him that Sodom and Gomorrah was going to be judged because he was my friend.
And I don't do anything in the earth unless I reveal it to the prophetic voices first.
But there is a place of intimacy that I will share everything with you just because you're my friend of what's coming.
But I can see through the motive of the heart, the intent of the heart.
Why are you doing this?
Even before you think it.
And he said, I'm looking for a friend.
I'm looking for somebody to talk to.
For the eyes of the Lord, he said, are running to and fro throughout the whole earth, looking for a heart who's perfect toward him, that just wants to be my friend.
No agenda, no preconceived notions.
You're God.
If I ask God, you have everything.
I just want to have an iced tea with you.
I just want to talk with you and have a coffee.
I miss you.
How are you doing today?
I know you're perfect and you don't lack anything.
You don't want anything, but you want my heart and you want companionship.
And you want a child that has no agenda.
Daddy, can I have the keys to the car?
Can I have what's in your bank account?
Can we just go fishing?
Can we just go out and sit by the river, the stream, the pond, the lake, whatever?
I love to go by moving water and just sit by things for hours and look at the water, the ducks, the deer, whatever, and have that fellowship with you.
As I was driving today out in the country and I was looking at the leaves starting to change here and the field was wet because we've gotten so much rain, you could see the water.
As I was driving, I could feel the tug of the spirit of God of that friendship and that compassion that was wounded not by me but by the children that are just so blinded of his coming.
It felt wounded.
Not saying that he was wounded, but his heart was longing for a relationship and intimacy with his creation, with us.
And he said, So many of my kids don't realize where we are.
So many of my kids don't realize that they're the lot.
And I will not yell.
I'll come and fellowship with you and tell you what's coming.
And he said, Brandon, I'll tell you and you can tell them because they don't talk to me.
I'll share with you, son, and you can go tell them on that live stream what's about to take place.
But they do exactly what they did to me all the time with the children of Israel.
They sent Moses up the mountain.
I wanted to fellowship with all of them.
I said, Bring my children unto me that they may worship me.
They come to the mountain, but they were afraid.
And they sent Moses up.
He said, Brandon, I'll allow you to go and tell the people what's coming.
But because they are so busy with their lives, they are so distracted, they don't realize the seriousness of the hour and where we are in the signs of the times of the coming of the Lord Jesus Christ.
They don't realize there's a great shaking that's about to take place throughout the world that's going to wake everybody up.
Their hearts are hard.
Their hearts are far from me.
He said, Many of their hearts are so hardened and so far from me.
They're not a friend.
They have an agenda every single time.
Not just fellowship, not just intimacy.
And I felt the heaviness of his heart as he said it.
And he said, Even some correction towards me.
And he says, As these things go, I've even seen you slip a little, but I'm asking you to correct it today.
I said, I'm sorry.
The pressure of things gets me and I lose myself with all of the pressure from the people and it's a distraction.
Social media, TikTok, these people, the opinions of you're a racist and I'm not.
He said, Brandon, if you are racist, do you think I'd have you where you are?
Do you really think I'd let you talk to this many people like this?
Bringing them to prayer is intimacy.
Teaching them my heart is intimacy.
This is the largest prayer channel in the world for what I see because I have eight other channels and they all pray just like this.
He said, I want you to bring my people.
I want you to teach them the intimacy.
They can have it.
I want them to have it.
I'm looking for a friend.
I said, Lord, even with all I have, I have not been a true friend some days.
I'm sorry.
I've not truly been a true friend and I do my best.
My daughter, Paisley, came to me.
She goes, Daddy, she was weeping in the back as he spoke because I was repeating everything he was saying and my family was weeping because the presence of the Lord filled our car because we could feel it.
Could you feel it?
It was intense.
I want somebody else to say something.
That's why I asked him.
I know we could.
I saw his face.
He was crying, too.
But it's not just me saying it for them.
There was a presence in the car today that I've never been familiar with like that.
A wounded presence.
It felt heavy as we're going into a month right now, tomorrow.
And I thought it was interesting because it was about Halloween.
So many of the church, so many of his people celebrate the devil on that day and he looks at it as blasphemous.
The intimacy was blasphemous.
And it was like this.
I heard he said, I want you to pay attention to what Billy Burke said at his service.
Billy Burke says, I have a special pen just to write out my tithe check because it is holy and set apart.
I take that pen and I don't use it for anything else other than to write my tithe or my offerings to God because it's separate and set apart.
Everything I do, I try to make something separate and set apart for him.
Even to an ink pen that's designated to write my tithe checks and my offering when I give it to a church or whatever God's instructing me to give, I won't write it by any other ink pen because it's holy.
Boy, that challenged me.
And then he said this.
He said, There's so many of you all that want a move of God in your sanctuary, and you want God to visit there, but your sanctuary is not set apart and holy unto him at all.
You play secular music.
You've got Halloween decorations or Halloween harvest.
You're playing, doing things, but you want the move of God in your church and you want him to visit a place.
And he is a holy God that deserves to be reverenced and honored above everything else to the point that the Ark of the Covenant, if they touched it, they would die instantaneously because he's a holy God and you're only pure by his blood.
Jesus Christ made you that way.
But we have a place that we call a place of worship that he comes and this is set apart unto him.
And yet we let the money changers, we let the whatever it's a place of not holiness.
It's a place, yeah, we're set apart and we're templar there, but there's a place that's designated for him.
It's a place that's set apart for him.
I have a room in my house that's his.
It's a main little corner right here.
I pray I try to and there's actually portals that come as you pray in that place all the time.
You intercede and you pray and you pray.
I create thing by prayer interceding and even Perry Stone and these others talk about certain places in church you can feel the glory in those spots and you may think, Oh Brandon, that's way out there, I'm telling you try it, he'll meet you at that place.
Now I talk to him all throughout the day but the last one is on the porch.
You sit out on the porch in the rocking chair at the creek.
It's a place that is yours and his alone.
A closet wherever it says, "God, I love you and I just want to talk to you today.
" Your war room.
But as I fellowshipped with him today and we talked and we drove around, I was challenged as he said, "It's time to come up higher; it's time to come up higher with the fire.
It's time for more intimacy with the Father.
" He longs for a relationship with you more than you want one with him.
I could feel it today as the people were getting ready to celebrate Halloween and have their trick-or-treat, trunk-or-treat, whatever they were doing.
Most people did it on Sunday, but I'm trying to really bring it home to you that God is a holy God and he is worthy of all our praise.
But he said to me, "A lot of you don't know what's about to take place.
" The shaking that's about to take place is to bring you close to him.
He said, "But Brandon, I'll come and tell you to warn the people because I'm a passionate God, a God full of mercy.
But if they don't draw nigh to me and they don't hear, I'm not going to yell what's coming.
" A shaking to awaken is coming, and many of you will be caught off guard; hopefully you have people interceding for you like Abraham interceded for Lot.
You could be in the city and not even realize what's coming.
When I was in the spirit and I prayed this last video, I saw a flash.
I heard "Imagine" by John Lennon.
People like, "Brandon, do you listen to secular music?
" I wasn't talking about that; I was talking about a moment at New Year's Eve in Times Square.
People get so off on weird stuff.
I was like, "Come on, folks.
It's a vision.
" I saw a flash of light and people were screaming.
I saw the two men on CNN having their thing and then all of a sudden a flash of light.
Women and men were screaming and they were trampling.
I don't know what it was, but the Lord said, "Pray.
" I'm not going to add to or take away from anything I was seeing, but I'll tell you exactly: it was a flash of light and it was hot; I could feel the heat.
I didn't say everything because I'm on live stream and I try to be very cautious until I pray over what I bring to you.
But it was in a building; it wasn't out in the public.
I saw into the side of a building, and as it was getting ready for the countdown of that thing to come down, I felt heat, I saw light, and it was blinding.
And people said that was the glory.
Come on now.
As they're singing John Lennon, the glory showed up?
I don't want to be disrespectful, but you guys have to let the elevator go to the top.
As they're singing John Lennon and two homosexuals are on the stage counting the ball down, the glory showed up?
I don't know about you, but maybe God will show up with his Shekinah glory in Times Square with these two men singing, drinking, and the Shekinah glory is going to show up.
Is that what you all think is going to happen?
You don't know him.
I feel sorry for you; I truly do.
There's no holiness, no reverence.
Do you understand who he is?
He's a holy God.
That's why I'm scared to even pray without taking communion and looking over because the only way I know how to get close to him is by communion.
It's because of a covenant that Jesus died for me and he rose again and he made a way for me.
So I take communion every single time to reverence and honor him.
I love the pen idea and I will never write a check again to my church or to anybody that the Lord tells me to give to without having a pen set apart for him.
I'm taking the idea from Billy Burke.
I told Diana, "You're going to get a really cool pen and it will only be for writing; you will never touch it again other than for Jesus.
" This will be a check-writing pen for Jesus.
I loved it.
We can put it in a sleeve and do something special with it.
It doesn't have to be some high-dollar pen with diamonds on it; it's just something for Jesus.
So we plead the blood and we take this body right now in the name of Jesus.
Father, we thank you, Lord.
No matter how much they try to attack us, how much witchcraft tries to come against us, or how much the devil tries to throw his curveballs at us, the greater one lives on the inside of us.
We apply the blood of Jesus over our great nation tonight and over me and my wife and my children.
We thank you, Father, for your relationship with us as we apply the blood of Jesus over us.
Every tongue that rises against us, we condemn it.
We believe in the precious blood of Jesus Christ and we lift it up before you, Father.
We thank you, Father, for your grace and your mercy.
We thank you, Lord, for the blood that covers every single one of us, for we enter in by the blood of the Lamb and by the word of our testimony.
Thank you, Father, that you're a holy God and we find intimacy with you, and we thank you for our friendship with you, for we are a friend of God.
Lord, we lift up the body and we thank you that you're so real to us, what you did for us.
He cleansed us and made us whole.
We take this body in Jesus' name.
Lord, we plead the blood.
My job is not to try to offend you; I'm just real with y'all.
If you want intimacy, I try my best.
I'm not saying I have everything perfect, but he does visit.
The presence of the Lord does fill my house, so I feel like I'm on the right road.
I may not always have it right, and I'm not out here trying to bust certain groups of people up.
I'm not trying to be mean; I'm trying to tell you how to get intimacy with the Father is to repent and turn from your wicked ways.
You must follow him; you must repent; you must humble yourself before a holy God.
I just go with what the word says.
You may not like me; you say, "Well, Brandon, you're too old school," but I just want Jesus.
I don't try to browbeat anybody.
He said, "Come just as you are," and people get mad and they click out and they leave.
I'm just trying to help you, but I'm telling you, a great shaking is coming and many of you are in trouble.
So Father, we take the blood and we apply the blood over us.
We thank you, Father, for it's the blood that never loses its power.
We plead the blood of Jesus Christ over our homes and over us in Jesus' name.
We thank you, Father, that we make much of the blood and the blood makes much of us.
We apply it tonight over the visions of what you want us to see and over what you want us to hear.
We pray over our government and over what's coming.
We thank you, Father, for the blood, for the grace, and for your mercy.
We apply the blood all around our house tonight and over us, Father, and over any visions or anything you want to show us in Jesus' name.
Amen.
Hallelujah.
Father, I thank you for the blood.
Did that help you all at all?
Where the Father's at?
What he's saying?
It shook me; the intimacy of the whole thing shook me.
You could feel it because of where we are in these end times.
He was talking about the shaking that's about to take place because they're not awake.
He said, "I don't have a choice.
" People didn't hear—he said many of you did not hear about COVID before it came.
Many of you...
he said COVID came and they thought it was like a thief in the night, like most people.
He said, "But I warned the ones that were intimate with me way in advance.
" He said, "But COVID, what's about to happen will make COVID look like a walk in the park.
And many in the church don't see it because they think they're right with the Lord, but they're so far from me.
" He said, "They have a stiff neck toward me and they think they're right with me.
They walk around and they play with the grace and they play with things, and none of them heard when COVID was coming.
" He said it shook.
None of them knew that a major shaking was coming in 2018 or 2019, whenever all that was getting ready to happen.
Everybody was caught off guard and we were all locked down in our houses.
The preachers were all like, "Well, what are we going to do now?
We're blowing on the virus.
COVID, go!
" What's wrong with everybody?
That's what happened.
We shut down the church, locked it up tight, and went home.
"It's okay, it's safe there.
Drive-by church, drive-by baptism.
Line up as you drive by.
" But nobody knew it was coming, but we're blowing on it.
It's flaky.
We have a bunch of radical charismatic nuts.
Flaky Christians is what we had.
And guess what?
"We're all back in the same place," is what the Lord said.
"There's a remnant of you that are awake.
" But he said, "Brandon, guess what?
Another major event's about to take place.
But I'm not telling the ones that are not intimate with me just like I did the first time.
" I want you to hear that again.
Did you hear what he said to me?
A major event is about to take place.
And just like it happened with COVID, I didn't warn them all.
I only warned the ones that were intimate with me, and a major shaking is coming again.
He said, "Many of them don't even know it.
But I will show you things and you can tell them and hopefully their hearts will hear, but I'm not going to yell.
If they don't want intimacy with me, then fine.
" That's why he said, "Fine.
But my heart is for them, too.
" He said they don't even realize what's about to happen again just like last time.
And I was scared for a lot of you.
He said, "I'm looking for a friend, Brandon, who is a friend of God, who wants intimacy with God.
" Did you take communion?
He's your friend.
I want to be a friend.
Help me, Father, to be a friend, to teach the people whatever I can do to help.
And we say we will die trying.
Whatever it takes, Father, to bring the people close to you and set them at your feet to know that whenever he said, "Come up higher with the fire.
" There's a difference between hearing down here in the static.
It was like being in front of a TV with all the static and then coming up higher and sitting at his throne.
There were layers of intimacy, but there's layers of hearing.
You can hear down here.
But the more you tune in your TV channel, the static on the bunny ears, the picture gets better and better as you tune it in.
And as you go up higher, there's levels of glory in prayer.
Most people always stay down here—the chickens.
You're in the barnyard and you're plucking around and the chicken feed is all over the ground.
But he's designed you to flap your wings and fly like an eagle.
Every one of us was created in his image.
We are joint heirs of Jesus Christ.
We all have the ability to sit at his throne.
But you have to fly like an eagle to get there.
Go above the Christian turbulence.
Go above all this stuff.
I've been in his throne room and there's layers of it.
I can look down over the earth and I can hear it; I can see the static down there.
I sit at his throne.
It's the most beautiful, peaceful place.
I say, "Oh, Father.
" You can pick it up in the spirit.
There's a layer of cloud bank, is what it looks like.
You pull up through there and you say, "Oh, Father, how are you doing today?
Holy Spirit, become so real to me.
Teach me intimacy.
Teach me how to pray.
" Holy Spirit, help me to penetrate the veil, to get through it, to get on the other side to pray the Father's heart today.
What is it on the other side that is so beyond my human comprehension—to pray out of the spirit, to pray the Father's heart?
There's so much competitiveness in the church, so much spiritual competitiveness.
Every one of us has this special place.
Your gift is different than mine, but if we all add our supply, many hands make light work.
So I just try to really encourage you to find your place and find your voice.
You may be the tuba, I may be the horn or the saxophone, but when we play together we make a beautiful symphony.
It sounds like an orchestra.
It's a sound that comes before the Father as we add our supply.
My heart was to stop doing these livestreams so much.
I like to do pre-recorded videos because they're more intimate, and then Braden can upload them.
But for whatever reason, he likes me to do it live with y'all.
Right now, you get too distracted with the chat.
I want you to really hear what I'm saying.
I want Jesus to become so real to you.
Some of you are babies and you don't know that he has something so much more than where you are.
I have something so much more in store and it's right at the door.
You just have to come on in.
So, let's pray over the government today.
Let me get my stuff real quick; I'll be right back.
You can just talk to him.
I'll be right back.
Okay, don't leave yet.
He's not done.
Praying...
hey, you can see the deer now.
I picked out this background; I thought it looked pretty.
It has a mountain way back there, too.
Now you can see it.
I wanted to make the deer more visible.
I like the deer.
All right, now I had to pray.
Then he tries to attack me and I say he is a loser.
I know my handles well.
Rose of Sharon.
Thank you, Father.
Cover my mind in the blood.
Thank you, Lord.
We take our authority.
I plead the blood of Jesus over this house right now.
I'm so thankful when Halloween is done.
Every single time I say, "Let it go.
" All these people are so ignorant, doing things they don't know what they're doing.
They play in the spirit realm and they play with things that don't need to be played with.
I hate that.
One day out of the year I say, "Father, we thank you for the blood, the precious blood of Jesus.
What can wash away my sin?
Nothing but the blood of Jesus.
What can make me whole again?
Oh, precious is the flow that makes me white as snow.
No other fount I know, nothing but the blood of Jesus.
" Nothing but the blood of Jesus.
What can make me whole again?
Nothing but the blood of Jesus.
Thank you for the blood.
I feel the anointing of the Holy Ghost hitting my head.
Glory to God.
What can wash away my sin?
Nothing but the blood of Jesus.
What can make me whole again?
Oh, precious is the flow that makes me white as snow.
No other fount I know; nothing but the blood of Jesus.
Thank you for the blood, Lord.
Thank you that it never loses power.
There's power, wonder-working power in the blood of the Lamb.
There is power, wonder-working power in the precious blood of the Lamb.
Thank you, Father, for the blood.
We make much of the blood, Father.
We apply the blood and we thank you, Father.
We just come before your throne boldly.
We thank you for the blood.
Oh, He's the Most High.
Most of you don't realize the glory is here.
To walk in the glory, glory to your name, Father.
Oh, Father, we thank you.
He set us apart; He set you apart.
Oh, great decisions, great change.
I see the White House again and there's green grass all around it.
There's green grass all around the White House, and the sky is blue, clearly.
You say, 'Well, what does that have to do with anything?
' I don't know.
It's been so interesting the way He keeps doing that, son.
He does it all day long.
He's calling out; I can hear it.
And then He'll give me words out of it.
We plead the blood over us.
We plead the blood.
You don't have to update me anymore.
It's good.
I'll pray until He's done and then I'll know.
I've been at one hour.
I'll go another thirty-some minutes and we'll see where we're at.
Now let's just do what He told us.
Let's focus in on the government not shutting down between the 24-hour period, praying into the softness of the hearts of the five.
He said they need five, but I saw seven.
We pray over it in the name of Jesus over every plot, over every plan of the wicked to cause mass rioting in our nation by paid demonstrators.
We plead the blood over our nation, over our cities, especially Chicago.
I see Chicago highlighted before me.
We call peace over Chicago.
We call peace over Boston, over New York.
There's a place, an intimacy that's different.
There's a greater place.
I see it.
I'm there.
I come up into that throne room.
It's love, for God is love.
It's not poking at the brothers.
It's not poking at your sister.
It's just love.
There's a place in God Satan dare not go, and that's intimacy.
God is love.
And it's at that table of love that's prepared for me in the presence of all my enemies.
It's the intimacy of the Father.
He says, 'Take a seat at my feet,' for to crown this day.
We abide in love.
We walk in love with our brethren.
Love never fails.
How do you know?
Lord, we thank you for the blood that covers us.
We come up high.
Oh, Father, we thank you for the blood.
We make much of the blood and we make much of love.
Love never fails.
God is love.
Now, Father, we thank you for the love.
We thank you for the heart that the people draw close to you and have intimacy with you.
You have a lot of friends today.
My heart is to make you fully happy today, Father, with friends.
Trust is earned.
Intimacy with your beloved.
You know, I could just sit in that place, Braden, right there—that peace that I feel.
I could just sit there for hours and not say a thing.
Sometimes prayer doesn't need words.
It's an expression.
It's an atmosphere.
Prayer is an avenue.
Prayer doesn't always need you jabbering.
Sometimes the greatest conversations Diana and I have are just holding hands, not saying anything at all.
She doesn't have to say anything because I know what she's feeling.
I don't have to say anything because she knows what I'm saying, because there's intimacy there.
I can just be in the car with her and be quiet, but I know she's thinking about me.
Father, we love you.
We worship and adore you.
Thank you for being a friend to us.
It's not some cheesy song.
Who am I that you are mindful of me, that you hear me when I call?
You really are a friend of God.
Thank you, Father, for our government.
I don't even feel to talk about it, really.
It's interesting; I keep going back to this.
It goes back to the Son.
If I could just sit with you a while, I need you to hold me moment by moment till forever passes by.
Father, there's so many people with so many issues today.
You know what they need before we even bring it up.
This whole thing with the government is very concerning to our natural minds, but all we need are those seven people.
I thank you, Father, that you're working on our behalf today.
We take the care out of our prayer as we see our cities burning in the spirit, as I see people looting stores and robbing from the rich, as I see mass anarchy in the visions you show me.
The heaviness of that is overwhelming, but you're not moved by any of it.
You're at that place of peace, and that's where I choose to be tonight.
Out of the concern about my president having a massive stroke and aneurysm and falling over dead with all the stress and pressure on him at almost 80 years old.
All the things that try to bog us down with our health—all we need is a touch.
One touch from Jesus will change our life forever.
One intimate relation, one moment, and all this stuff can be fixed.
You just speak the word only, Lord.
It's like he said, 'I'm a man of authority and you don't even have to come to my house; if you just speak the word only, my servant will be healed.
' If you just speak that word, Lord, because there's so much drama, it brings peace to our circumstances if you just speak the word.
So many people say, "I don't have enough money to pay my bills this next month.
I don't have enough food.
I've got to have my food stamps.
I've got to have the money from my job.
" Speak the word only.
"I've worked for the government and they haven't paid me in a month.
They haven't paid me in five weeks.
" If you just speak the word only, Lord, you deal with it.
If you could yank the slack out of Pharaoh, make him let the people go, and then you hardened his heart again just to deal with him, you can deal with Chuck Schumer.
You can deal with Nancy Pelosi.
You can deal with Pelosis and AOCs.
You can, Father, AOCs and Nancy Pelosis, Chuck Schumers, and Trumps or whoever.
They're nothing compared to what you've dealt with in the past.
You can bring the hardest of hearts and soften them and make them right.
You can change Alex Joneses.
You can fix them all.
Bring the loudest voices ever.
You can part the Red Sea for us, Father, where you can make a way when there seems to be no way.
You say, "I don't even need your job to provide for you, government employee.
I can bring it in by the ravens.
I can bring you a sack of money from an angel.
" There are a million and one ways to get you a million dollars.
There's a million and one ways for God to provide for you.
Yet we try to limit him by our jobs.
Our jobs are not our source.
Our seed is our source.
Father, you are our source and you provide seed for the sower.
You said, "I've never seen the righteous forsaken or their seed begging bread.
" No matter if you're a police officer, FBI, or CIA, whatever your government job—I don't know who doesn't get their paycheck, the FAA, our federal workers—people not getting their paychecks for five weeks plus.
That's a long time not to get a check while working hard for it, worried if you're going to get it next.
But Father, we take our care out of our prayer and we thank you, Father, for all our federal workers working at the airports making us safe.
May they not have any mishaps from people not showing up, some big plane crash, or somebody losing their life because of hardened hearts.
But Father, are you hardening the hearts of Pharaoh with Chuck Schumer and these people because the people of America have turned their back on you?
Are these shakings to awaken your hand like on Pharaoh?
Are we not seeing it when we see the nation being humbled?
I told you, you said, "America will be humbled.
" You said many times, Brennan, "I'm going to humble America.
They've stiffened their neck toward me.
" How many times have you said it?
He even said it today: "Their hardened heart toward me.
I've blessed you, O America.
I've blessed you above all nations.
All the prosperity and the blessing has been on you.
Yet you turned your back toward me.
You stiffened your neck up toward me and your nose up toward me.
" So many of you, he said.
"I have favored you, yet your heart is so far.
" Well, you say, "Well, we sing 'One Nation Under God,' we say all this stuff.
" But he says, "Your heart is so far from me.
So much compromise.
" It echoed so loud.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that we as a people, all 4,800 of us, are hungry.
We want intimacy with you.
So many of them want intimacy with the Father.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that as they seek you, they'll find you.
As they knock, the door will be opened.
Father, become so real to the ones that are on here tonight so that in the middle of the night they pray; they're so thirsty, they're so hungry.
For you said those that hunger and thirst will be filled.
Father, I thank you, Lord, for the infilling and the intimacy of the Father today, that they taste and see that the Lord is good.
For the Lord is good and his mercy endures forever.
Lord, we thank you that that mercy endures forever.
Father, you protect every single football game and sporting event all around this world and the United States this weekend.
Father, as the kids are out doing what they're doing—and Father, tomorrow represents something that I do not stand for at all—I ask you to become real to these people.
They ignorantly celebrate witchcraft.
A lot of them celebrate Halloween and it is a satanic day.
What they do and what they represent is all about Satanism.
A lot of them are ignorant to it.
But Father, I ask you to forgive our nation for celebrating it.
I ask you to forgive our nation for being so stupid and for celebrating Halloween.
Father, we repent as a nation for celebrating such a pagan, satanic day.
I'm sure it's grieving to you.
Father, we repent for celebrating as the church has celebrated.
We repent, Father, and I thank you, Lord, that we draw nigh to you and we repent with the blood of Jesus as you forgive us, Father, for being so stupid.
We don't even acknowledge it; my house would not even look at it.
Such a pagan, evil, satanic day.
But Father, this is the day the Lord has made and we'll rejoice in it in my household because we give you praise every day.
It doesn't matter what it is; we're giving you glory, honor, and praise.
We don't look to the devil at all.
We don't ever give him any kind of praise.
It's all about you, Jesus.
Your feet are always so welcome in this house.
We always give you a place to come and visit, for you said you inhabit the praises of your people.
And Father, though the enemy come at us one way, they'll flee before us seven.
No matter what.
Those that speak against us, Father, I thank you, Lord; we condemn the words that are coming against us.
We condemn the words from witchcraft all the way down.
I condemn the words and they fall at my feet.
No weapon formed against me will prosper.
Every tongue that rises against me, we condemn it.
Father, every plot, every plan, every strategy of the wicked, Father, I thank you, Lord, that your hand is upon me.
You protect my children, my wife, and our finances.
We call in the finances from the north, the south, the east, and the west.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that the angels of the Lord are camped around about us and the financial angels go and get the finances that we need.
You cause everything we put our hands to to prosper.
We have favor.
Favor follows me every day of my life.
Favor, goodness, and mercy follow me all the days of my life, and I will dwell in the house of the Lord forever.
Surely goodness and mercy will follow me all the days of my life, and I will dwell in the house of the Lord forever.
Thank you, Father.
Hallelujah.
Well, this has been different, hasn't it?
But you see the vein of it.
It's just exactly what he said in the car.
He wants praise.
He wants value.
He deserves friendship.
He deserves intimacy.
He is our Father.
Father, we love you.
We praise you.
We adore you.
We glorify your name in all the earth.
We magnify your name in all the earth.
Thank you, Father.
Holy Spirit, we love you.
We praise you.
We adore you.
We glorify your name in all the earth.
We glorify your name.
It's like he wants you just to search your heart.
He knows what America needs.
He knows the finances and all what everybody needs for their food stamps.
He knows what the next 24 hours hold.
This time tomorrow, he knows what everybody needs.
Their government handouts for all of the blessings that you get so freely.
There's a lot of you that cost so many people so much in taxes.
All the elderly that need their stuff and they're freaking out going, "How are we going to make it?
" He knows everything that you need in America.
We just take our time and we worship you, Father, that you are our provider.
You are Jehovah Jireh.
You will provide for your people.
No matter if the government does it or not, God does it.
Do you understand?
We don't trust the US government.
We trust Jesus.
Jesus is our source.
Jesus will provide for us.
Do you believe that?
You have to believe it.
Regardless if you get a check from the government, some of you are so upset about it.
You say, "Regardless if I get my stuff for tomorrow or not, my father is my source.
Forgive me for looking at the government as my source.
Father, we look at you.
" All the single moms out there that are struggling, they were worried, "Oh, how are we going to provide for Johnny tomorrow?
" But my God shall supply.
Not my government, but my God shall supply.
I don't know how you're going to do it, but God will supply for me.
Father, I thank you, Lord.
No matter what it is, God, you've provided for me.
Thank you, Father.
We take our care out of our prayer.
We wash our care.
We take that care out of our prayer.
Thank you, Father, that November 1st is coming the day after tomorrow.
This time tomorrow, it's almost October 31st right now.
Thank you, Father, that we're almost to November 1st.
Then we have Thanksgiving in America.
Then we have Christmas.
There's all kinds of fun holiday seasons.
The beautiful Christmas season is here.
Thank you, Father.
What a mighty God we serve!
And every plot, every plan, every terrorist attack, Father, is going to be averted.
You have us in your hand, Father, protecting President Trump, watching over us.
Father, your mighty hand is not short.
For you say, "Whatsoever a man sows, that will he also reap.
" You provide for your people.
And I believe, God, that what God has promised, he's able also to perform it.
A great and mighty provision for us.
Thank you, Father.
See, it takes that out of there.
You see how it just takes that fear.
Fear has torment.
The "what ifs" scream the loudest.
"What if this happens?
What if that happens?
" They try to yell at me all day long.
I said, "What if?
" We laugh about it.
It's Satan's greatest hits: the "what if" to continue the torment.
Fear has torment.
What are you going to do with it?
The "what if.
" I trust you.
My God shall supply all my needs according to your riches and glory.
To the mothers out there, because I know there's a lot of mothers out there that are freaking out right now: what's going to happen tomorrow?
God's going to have it.
He shall supply all my needs.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that you're working on the heart of Pharaoh, the Chuck Schumers right now.
You're changing things and you're arranging things right now as we speak.
Father, we ask in prayer.
Father, I thank you that you're changing the heart of Chuck Schumer right now, Nancy Pelosi, AOC, whoever else, I don't know.
But Father, all we need is seven.
And you work on those seven, Father, right now.
So we lift up those seven before you right now.
You said all you need is a shoestring.
All we need is those seven right now to vote and say we'll go the other way.
With all the pressure and all the plots and the strategy of the wicked to try to kill, steal, and destroy this nation, we come against you in the name of Jesus.
And we say cease and desist in your maneuvering against this nation.
And we will not have it; we will not take the care of this.
We cast all our cares, all our anxieties, all our worries, and all our fear on you, Father.
We cast it on you.
We say we don't want to take this anymore.
We have peace, Father, because you are our great God, Jehovah.
You will provide everything we need.
You will take care of us, Father, and you are abundant supply.
And we're not going to have rioting.
We're not going to have pillaging.
We're not going to have all that because we plead the blood over our cities.
And Father, I thank you, Lord, that people get some common sense to them that they're not going to pillage, they're not going to riot, they're not going to rob, they're not going to steal.
They're not going to do these things.
Father, we take authority over that in Jesus' name over our area.
And we will have peace in Jesus' name.
We pray healing and wholeness and wellness over our nation.
Father, we will remain a sheep nation, not a goat nation.
This nation will be one nation under God, and we will continue to stay there as we uphold the Constitution of the United States of America.
We call the RINOs and these people that are in office that are set out just to destroy our country: Father, they will be removed even this time next year.
Their days are numbered.
Father, they'll be replaced with godly people and we'll have a major red wave, all to the glory of God.
Thank you, Father, for a red wave, a supernatural provision through whatever you want to use.
Father, you will take care of us and it will be supernatural: everything that you do with crypto, with gold, with silver, or the housing, whatever it may be.
Father, we are provided for because you're such a good God.
Do you believe that today?
Father, I pray over their marriages today.
I thank you, Father, that every single marriage represented here is strong, they get along, and the strife between the husband and wife is at peace.
We call peace over their marriages.
We call peace over their sleep, that they sleep soundly, uninterrupted and unhindered by any satanic or demonic force.
They will sleep good, restful, sound sleep in the name of Jesus.
And Father, I thank you, Lord, that what the devil has in store, you've turned it around for good in Jesus' name.
Everything the devil has done, Father, you'll turn it for good in our favor in Jesus' name.
For the fun has just begun and we believe, Father, that goodness and mercy is following us all the days of our lives in the name of Jesus.
Everybody say, "Amen and amen.
" Well, it's almost two hours.
I know that was a different kind of video today, but it's what the Father wanted you to hear.
I pray it stirred you to draw you closer to him, to have intimacy with the Father, and that you would become a great friend.
If you could do me a favor tonight, if you're new here and watching for the first time: could you like the video, could you subscribe, and could you click the notification bell?
I want you to do all the things, but first the Lord just said, "Brandon, no, you got to have an altar call.
" If you've never accepted Jesus Christ as your Lord and personal savior—forgive me, Father.
He said, "Brandon, you must have an altar call.
" I said, "Yes.
" If you've never accepted Jesus Christ as your Lord and personal savior, if you're here tonight and you've never asked Jesus Christ as your Lord and personal savior and you're watching this video and you say, "Brandon, I don't even have an intimate relationship with the Lord.
" I don't even know what to do to be intimate with the Lord.
" Tonight's your night.
You're here, you've watched this whole thing, and you're hearing me talk about that, and you're saying, "I want to be a friend of God, but I'm not even a born-again Christian.
" I've heard a lot about Him from family members or whatever, but does He know me?
I don't know, but I want you to know tonight if Jesus Christ knows you.
The only way you can know that is by confessing Jesus Christ as your Lord and personal savior and inviting Him into your heart.
Even if there's just one of you still watching right now and you're saying, "Brandon, how do I become saved?
How do I accept Jesus?
How do I have a new life?
" well, it's very simple.
You just say a simple little prayer.
I'll lead you in that prayer.
You may be one of those who had intimacy with the Lord.
You may have been a Christian at one time, but you've fallen away.
You've backslidden.
You're not doing right and you know you're not living right.
You're living in sin and you're on the highway to hell, and you don't even care.
But you're like, "Tonight I want to make a change.
Tonight I'm turning back and I'm coming back to the Father.
I want that intimacy and a friendship with Him.
Brandon, I don't want to live this way anymore.
" You're right at that place of desperation.
I know there's a lot of you doing this because you were a person on fire.
You were excited about church, but you're not anymore.
That's what I'm talking about.
A preacher might have offended you; some "Sister Clipboard" is over there and she's been mean to you, and you're like, "I'm not going to church anymore because that lady over there was mean to me.
I'm out of here.
" But because you did that, you walked away.
You backslid.
You're back in the world and you're going, "Man, I am lost.
I need help.
" Strung out on drugs, alcohol, gambling, sex, pornography—strung out on so many things—and you're going, "How do I get back having a relationship with the Father?
I'm so lost.
I've been feeling self-harm, might be suicidal, whatever.
" You're going, "Man, my relationship with my girlfriend's bad.
My relationship with my boyfriend's bad.
My marriage is terrible.
I don't even want to go home.
Right now I'm in the other room.
I'm not even sleeping in the same bed as my spouse.
I'm so upset inside.
I'm so broken inside.
My kids get on my nerves.
I don't even want to go home from work.
" There are so many people with so many issues right now.
"I can't stand my boss.
I can't stand who I work with.
I just need prayer.
Could somebody pray for me?
" We're here tonight.
We want to pray for you.
If I'm talking to you right now and this is witnessing to you—you feel that itching on the inside of you, that stirring, that butterfly feeling—that's the Holy Spirit drawing you.
He is giving you an opportunity right now to turn from your sin and your mistakes.
Turn to have intimacy.
"God, I'm coming back to you.
I want intimacy with you.
" Well, maybe next time, Brandon.
You don't know if there's a next time.
I'll be real with you.
The very shoes you put on tomorrow, or the very shoes you might be taking off tonight—you may not have another opportunity.
The undertaker might be taking them off.
He might be getting you ready for your funeral.
You don't know if you have tomorrow, but today is the day of salvation.
I want you to say this simple prayer with me.
Jesus died for you publicly, and I want you to say publicly if you accept Jesus Christ.
Right now, I want you to tell us, "I want to be saved.
" Comment in the comment section: "I want to be saved.
Tonight's my night.
I'm coming home, and I want to be a friend of God.
I want intimacy with the Father right now.
" There might just be a handful of you, but I'll wait on you.
I want you to be bold about your decision tonight, saying, "God, I'm coming home.
I want a relationship with you.
Forgive me," or, "I want to be saved.
I've never accepted Jesus Christ.
" I want you to be bold about it.
We'll wait on you.
I don't know how many of you are out there, but you might be watching right now and you just feel lost.
But Braden, me, and my family want to pray for you.
Whatever you have need of, we want to pray for you.
We want to love on you.
Jesus Christ loves you.
Jesus Christ is waiting for you, and He wants to be your friend.
Make the decision right now to accept Jesus Christ.
It may be your last opportunity.
Well, we're going to say this prayer, and I want you to say this prayer and mean it with your whole heart.
Say, "Jesus, I believe you're the Son of God.
I believe that you died and rose again on the third day.
I ask you to forgive me of my sins.
I'm a sinner and I need a savior.
Forgive me.
I can't do this on my own.
I need you.
I need a friend.
I need you to be my Father.
I need you to wash me.
Cleanse me from all unrighteousness.
I confess my sins before you, Lord.
And from this day forward, I turn my back on the world.
I turn my back on the devil.
I turn my back on the demons.
And I'll serve you, Jesus, with all my heart.
I thank you, Lord, that you give me a new start today.
I thank you that you wash me.
I thank you, Lord, that you made me new.
I ask you to write my name in the Lamb's Book of Life.
From this day forward, I'll serve you forevermore.
Thank you, Jesus.
I believe I'm saved, Lord.
Amen and amen.
" If you said that prayer with me and you meant it with your whole heart, I believe you're saved.
The Bible says with heart confession is made unto salvation.
It's not hard.
We make it hard.
But you have to confess it and you have to believe it, saying he is your Lord and Savior.
And as you do that, I believe you're a born-again Christian.
Now you say, "What do I do now, Brandon?
" Well, you find a Bible-believing church.
I believe a non-denominational church—that's personally what I would do—and I would get plugged in there.
Go to church on Sundays and Wednesdays; get plugged in.
Tell the pastor there, "I got born again on a YouTube broadcast and I need to be water-baptized.
Help me.
" And the pastor, I guarantee you, will help you.
Get plugged in there.
Find a Bible.
Read your Bible every day.
Pray.
Come pray with us and start a new life.
This is the Christian walk.
Now, if you can't afford a Bible and you say, "Braden, I watched your broadcast.
I can't afford a Bible.
I'm on food stamps and I don't even know if I'm getting food stamps tomorrow, but I'm trusting the Lord's going to take care of me.
What do I do?
How do I get a Bible?
" well, my wife and I will buy you your first Bible.
All you have to do is email us at the address in the description down below.
We will not solicit your email address.
We will not bother you ever again.
We just want to celebrate your decision tonight.
There's an email down below.
Email that and put in the heading: "I got born again.
I would like to have my free Bible.
" Just give us your address and your name, and we'll send it to you from Amazon just to be a blessing to you, just to tell you congratulations on becoming a new Christian.
Thank you for joining us, and we rejoice in your decision tonight.
My son says there were 49 salvations so far.
We're so excited for all 49 of you who gave your hearts to Jesus Christ.
We celebrate your decision.
All glory to Jesus.
Hallelujah!
49 newcomers, please stick around and come pray with us.
We're excited you're here.
Tonight was a good night for you to get saved.
Any night is a good night to come to Jesus.
If you could like, subscribe, and comment something down below.
Braden says 50 new salvations tonight.
That's wonderful.
I almost didn't give an altar call.
Shame on me; Lord, forgive me for that.
That's terrible.
We would have had 50 people born again.
50 people gave their hearts to Jesus Christ tonight.
Thank you, Lord, for your mercy.
He said, 'Brandon, you need to do this.
' I'm so glad he did.
I was going to close it before I even had one.
He's such a good God.
He knew 50 people would come to Jesus tonight.
Isn't that wonderful?
He's ready to have a big old party.
He's excited about your decision.
He's going, 'Woo-hoo!
' It's exciting.
Well, like I said, it was a bit different tonight, but I pray it blessed you.
I pray the Lord is stirring in you.
You feel stirred.
You want to have a relationship with the Father.
He wants a friendship with you so bad.
He said to me, 'I'm looking for a friend.
I want a friend tonight.
' I said, 'The creator of heaven and earth, the creator of the universe, the creator who created everything is looking for a friend.
He wants an intimate relationship with me and with you.
What is man that you are mindful of him?
Like David said, "What is man?
" He's looking for intimacy.
He wants a friend.
Be my Father's friend.
It's not religious; it's intimacy.
So many people are all about religion.
No, I cannot stand religion.
I love Jesus.
It's a relationship.
Whatever denomination you pick, I want Jesus.
I'm non-denominational.
I don't claim a denomination; I claim Jesus.
Help me, Father, to be more intimate with you tonight.
Thank you, Father.
All glory.
We give all of the glory to Jesus and tell of his wonderful love.
Glory to God.
Well, thank you for joining us tonight.
We pray it blessed you and we'll see you again tomorrow.
We've got confetti!
They got saved; we've got confetti!
It's a party.
Glory to God.
We love you.
We'll see you again soon.
Remember, put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you so much, and we love you.
God bless you all.
We'll see you again soon.
Bye-bye.